import Demo from '@/examples/components/Details.jsx'
import { Snippet } from '@abw/badger-website'

# Details

The `details` HTML element can be used to create a disclosure widget.

## Demo

Select the options to determine how the details widget is displayed.

<Demo/>

## Default Style

The default style will be applied without the need for any special CSS
classes.  You can add any of the utility classes (e.g. the size classes like
`small`, `large`, etc.) to change the basic appearance of either the whole
widget, the summary, or any of the content elements.

<Snippet
  file="details/details.html"
  caption="Default Style"
  output
/>

## Border Style

Add the `border` class to add a border.  The usual `bdr-N` classes can be
added to set the border radius and `bdw-N` to set the border width.

The `bdc-N` classes can be used to set the border color stop, and `bdd-N`
classes for the border color stop in dark mode.

<Snippet
  file="details/border.html"
  caption="Details With Borders"
  output
/>

## Lined Style

The `lined` class can be added to put an additional border line between the
summary header and body content.

<Snippet
  file="details/lined.html"
  caption="Lined Details"
  output
/>

## Shaded Style

Add the `shaded` class to shade the background colors. You can add any of the
color classes to change the color palette.

<Snippet
  file="details/shaded.html"
  caption="Shaded Details"
  output
/>

## No Icon

Add the `no-icon` class if you don't want the default icon.  This applies to
both native `details` elements (like the first two examples below) and also
`div.details` element (like the third example, which is non-interactive).

<Snippet
  file="details/no-icon.html"
  caption="no-icon"
  output
/>

## Custom Styling

There are a number of CSS variables that you can set to change the styling.

<Snippet
  file="details/style.html"
  caption="Custom Styling"
  output
/>

## Accordion

You can wrap a number of `details` elements in a container with the
`accordion` class.  This applies some additional styling rules to remove
redundant lines between successive elements. It will also remove any border
radii except on the first and last elements.

<Snippet
  file="details/accordion.html"
  caption="Accordion"
  output
/>

## Layout Issues

I've noticed some strange layout problems.  Content inside the details body
seems to get confused about how wide 100% is.  I suspect (but don't know for
certain at this time) that this is because the browser is using a shadow DOM
to render the details element. The example below shows demonstrates the
problem.

There's also a <a href="https://codepen.io/abw-the-bashful/pen/jORQNZM">a codepen here</a>
which demonstrates it in isolation.

<Snippet
  file="details/problem.html"
  caption="Layout problems"
  output
/>

To sidestep this problem, there are also CSS classes for applying the details
styles to other elements so you can build your own details widget.  Add the
`details` class to a container element and `summary` to an immediate child
element.  The `open` class should be added to the container to indicate that
it's open.

Note that the example shown here aren't interactive so click on them won't
have any effect.

<Snippet
  file="details/classes.html"
  caption="Alternate classes"
  output
/>

This also applies to elements in an `accordion` container. Note that the
example below isn't interactive.

<Snippet
  file="details/accordion-class.html"
  caption="Accordion classes"
  output
/>
